Assistant Manager Lee.
Did you possibly do something wrong?
Huh? What are you...
Writer Seo wanted me to change her manager.
Would you like me to talk to Writer Seo?
I can ask why she is suddenly...
I might have made her upset in some way.
I'll try contacting her. Thanks for your concern.
Let me know if you ever need my help.
Sure.
Seo Ji Won, let's talk.
- I told you not to come to the office.- Are you going to keep dating her?
I told you that it's none of your business.
Writer Seo Ji Won is different from me.
She won't be able to accept you. Can't you tell?
Hye Ryeong.
It's over between us. Stop.
Oppa, you weren't like this.
Why are you sincere with Writer Seo Ji Won?
I love her that much.
Writer Seo Ji Won
Why is she pushing me away?
Is it because...
The both of you seem to be really close.
That's right. We have gotten closer, haven't we?
We were discussing work right now.
But I don't think you're here because of work, Assistant Manager Lee.
It didn't look like you were discussing work with Director Cha Do Hoon.
Am I mistaken?
Am I wrong, Director Cha Do Hoon?
I think you're misunderstanding the situation, Assistant Manager Lee.
Director, let's continue our talk tomorrow. I'm sorry.
It's alright. I'll call you tomorrow.
Okay.
What was that?
You know about her, right?
Lee Hye Ryeong.
Episode 12  Armor of Love
Why didn't you tell me that you know her and met her?
What would you have done if I had told you?
It's over between us.
Since when?
I broke up with her after I started dating you.
After starting to date me?
Now I know why she came to me.
She's young. She's just throwing a tantrum.
Is love a tantrum to you?
I'm serious.
I don't know.
Ji Won.
I love you.
No matter what,
I don't believe you.
That's my answer.
You should go now.
I have nothing more to say to you.
I was always unfamiliar and lousy with the feeling called love.
Doing my best to love and being immersed with one person was unfamiliar to me.
Those times that I was an ignorant coward...
Lee Seung Yu. Lee Seung Yu.
became Lee Seung Yu.
- Thanks.- Wow! Lee Seung Yu!!
Lee Seung Yu!
Lee Seung Yu! Lee Seung Yu! Lee Seung Yu! Lee Seung Yu!
Lee Seung Yu! You're so cool, Lee Seung Yu!
He's so cool.
You can do it, Lee Seung Yu!
You're so cool Lee Seung Yu!
- Gosh, that was really tiring.  - You were on fire.
- I did get much better thanks to you.  - Oppa.
You were so awesome today.
Thanks.
Can I have your phone number?
Here you go.
Thanks.
You have a girlfriend. Crazy bastard.
She'll get hurt if I reject her in front of so many people.
I just won't contact her.
- Here's a toast to journalism majors!  - Cheers!
Hey everyone, Sunbae has arrived.
There was no lingering attachment for those who were just passing by.
And I was not swayed by the love I faced.
Sorry, I'm late. My meeting was longer than I expected.
I am Class of '10, Lee Seung Yu.
Loving and receiving love
was always overflowing around me.
- Hey. Was I too late?  - Just a bit.
Oppa.
Give me your phone number.
Who are you again?
Class of '17, Lee Hye Ryeong.
Here you go.
I was looking at only you.
Oppa, I like you.
Attention.
To make things better than we imagined, this is Lee Seung Yu who will be starting with us today.
Hello. I am Lee Seung Yu. Please take care of me.
Like a Watercolor By: Seo Ji Won.
Seo Ji Won?
Assistant Manager Yoon will be in charge of the webtoon contest,
so we need a new manager in charge of Seo Ji Won's webtoons.
I'll be in charge of it.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
Nice to meet you.
I'm your new manager, Lee Seung Yu.
And that's how Lee Seung Yu met Seo Ji Won again.
I missed you, Seo Ji Won.
I developed feelings that made my heart race.
Do I still seem like a kid?
It was strangely fun.
You keep crossing the line. Just like you are now.
And I was particularly bothered.
A boyfriend who gets anxious and tells me when he doesn't like something...
I don't have one.
It was a strange, awkward feeling that I had never felt before.
That's me? You're saying that's me?
I thought about it very often, Seo Ji Won.
Do you like me?
Do you want to sleep with me?
I like you, Seo Ji Won. I think I like you.
I like you too.
That Seo Ji Won said goodbye to me today.
Is love a tantrum to you?
I'm serious.
I don't know.
Ji Won, I love you.
No matter what,
I don't believe you.
You should go now.
I have nothing more to say to you.
[Park Jin Su]
Seung Yu.
What's the matter with you?
That's strange. You look just like a guy who's been rejected by a woman.
Did you really... Lee Seung Yu?
Really?
Amazing. Wow!
Our Seung Yu has days like these too, huh.
What's that look? Did you actually like her?
Was it maybe... love? Did you love her?
Love?
- And if I did?  - Wow.
- Jin Su.  - Yeah?
Is it always like this?
The end is always bitter. Just like this.
Hey, hey, hey.
Take it easy.
- Jin Su.  - Huh?
Why are you like this? Be careful.
Please drive safely.
Bye!
SNMedia
I see you've arrived early.
Wasn't the manager going to change?
Did Writer Seo Ji Won say that?
No, Assistant Manager Yoon was saying so earlier.
Assistant Manager Lee, I hope you haven't misunderstood the relationship between Writer Seo and me.
So, something happened between the two of you that could be misunderstood?
I'm sure Writer Seo told you there was nothing going on between us.
- Assistant Manager Lee, are you the type who gets suspicious—  - Cha Do Hoon.
Director.
- There you are, Writer Seo.  - Hello.  - Hello.
Hello.
- Good morning.  - Good morning.
Ah yes.
- Hello.  - Hello.
I am considering casting Shin Han Na.
But we're still in the process of revising the script, so I'll give it some more thought.
You want to revise the script even more?
There are still some parts that I'm not satisfied with.
Besides, the original author of the webtoon, Writer Seo Ji Won, has decided to help me adapt it.
Writer Seo, will you be able to find the time to do so?
Well, yes, the director agreed to be understanding.
I begged her to help me.
Gosh, you sure do know how to crack a joke.
I'm not kidding. I didn't think it was possible for me to do it without Writer Seo, so I begged her to help me out.
Ah, come on.
What's this? When did the two of you get this close?
How about we go for a team dinner? We've all come together after such a long time.
It's a bit difficult...
You and the director never had a proper meeting.
Even on the first day, the both of you just left.
Let's all go, Writer Seo. Please?
Director, you're fine with that right?
I think he seems to be okay with it.
Let's go.
Okay! Let's go!
Then I'll get ready first.
I didn't hear anything about it raining today.
Didn't you say it was right around the corner?
If it's close then we can just run. Writer Seo, can you run well?
What? Well...
You can go with me, Writer Seo.
Oppa!
Hello. I'm Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu's girlfriend,
Lee Hye Ryeong.
How To Be Thirty
Oppa Seung Yu and Writer Seo were each others' first love.
That's funny, isn't it? Don't you agree, Writer Seo?
It's someone I really wanted to meet one day.
Was it fun putting me and Lee Hye Ryeong up on the scale of Lee Seung Yu? Did I seem easy to you?
Do you want to go do something fun with me?
Do you really love Seo Ji Won?
I want to try changing her mind somehow. Just like you.
Let's give it our best.
Writer Seo, we're in big trouble.